how to tie a barrel with a cartoon
thief author works Larisa Yakovleva
site
fakes at home. hello friends with
You Natalia Klishina this roller we
We begin a series of training videos in which
you learn how to do it yourself
a lot of interesting things and the most
wonderful that all this can be done
together with your little one and the trick owned and
it's a great way to bring up
child perseverance we do not seek
goals and also develop fine motor skills and
appeal today we will do
knitted little dog cartoon thief
remember this wonderful soviet
cartoon I liked the electron very much
now my children enjoy it
servants and help us make such
dog and Larisa Yakovleva
so let's improvise to start
we can knit ordinary mitten and above
it is the same as the cartoon trashcan
doggy even we with two parts first
torso on 5 needles after several
the rows do the front foot by analogy
with thumb ups only on
the end
do not knit a corner and just collect
loop on the thread and tighten then knit
torso of the hind paw in the following two
the rows diminish two loops at once
each spoke we take the remaining hinges
tighten the thread and knit its tail
can be crocheted
conventional air loops for the head
We first collect 8 loops gradually
add them to the head expands
up
and then a few rows of even with
reductions in your head back
there should be round bunches even
can so how do thumbs on and
thief
and close the loops corner sew ears
buttonhole eyes plastic nose
we embroider the pattern on the dog picture is the same
how on a mitten we fill the body and
head with padding polyester and sew head here
this dog turned out to Larissa
probably even sadder than the remote
movies do you think
on this we say goodbye friends and not
forget to subscribe to our channel
congratulations so you can find out about
our new commercials 1 bye till
new meetings